Hello friends it's me today we are
watching videos that will make your
brain hurt I look some skis wo how' you
do that is it broken is it chewy is it
stretchy what how is it doing this okay
this I can't tell if it's AI or not
because it looks way too realistic but
like how do they do that it has to be an
edit like that thing is stretchy it's
glitching up I think there's something
wrong with your skis you got to wait for
them to patch Us in the next update Ro
is climbing a ladder right okay wow very
cool very cool have you noticed there's
no support on this ladder oh is he going
to go through it is he going to pull
himself through it and somehow end oh he
did a flip even better wo you know
nothing but sheer determination and Aura
keeping this ladder up bro flipped
himself on a freestanding ladder do you
have any idea how much strength this
would take this is like extremely
impressive I would even think I could do
this on a ladder with some legs with
three people holding the ladder bro just
casually pretending that gravity doesn't
exist knock knock who's there wa your
cat is
huge wait a second maybe the house is
small oh that's a
child okay this is weird it looks like a
very modern apartment there's also cars
outside it's even got an
elevator it even makes the elevator
sounds and has marble floors like bro
this is like a super modern futuristic
Barbie playhouse for billionaire kids
it's even got ambient Lighting on the
ceiling for friends sake it's got a
backlit mirror in the bathroom this has
to be a replica of somebody's very fancy
house it's probably this big maybe
bigger kids look like giants in here
just drink half a bottle of water we'll
save the other half for later okay
everyone does
this bro made a little water bottle boat
nothing could have prepared me for this
moment you drink half a bottle of water
half right vertically not horizontally
what's wrong with you enjoy sipping the
other half from your little water bottle
boat and leave me out of these
Shenanigans I spent 2 weeks looking for
my iPad do you see the iPad the cover of
the iPad matches the seat perfectly it
looks like it's part of the seat has
nobody accidentally sat on this like is
that my frail buttbone or an iPad
usually when you lose something that you
use all the time it's usually right in
front of your eyes and then you miss it
like where did my glasses go oh nine
times out of 10 they're on my head this
is an optical illusion called The
Parallax effect where it looks like like
the plane is just floating in place bro
is glitching in real time just casually
over the ocean like hold on I'm waiting
for the other plane to pass before I go
so he's actually moving and if you keep
watching the video you can kind of see
like he's over the bridge now but the
way that the planes are moving together
when you move in the same parallel plane
it looks like you're not moving at all
pretty cool huh this is the sanso
football stadium in Milan it has a
spiral walkway and when people are
walking on it it looks like the entire
staircase is rotating but it's not it's
just the people making it look like it's
rotating isn't that so cool like it
looks like it's spinning no the people
are making it look like it's spinning by
walking down you know what if they all
walked up it would rotate the other way
remake instant Ramen okay it's
finished wait what are you doing why did
you drain it why are you cleaning it
aren't you going to eat it are we
reversing the entire process with a fine
tooth comb
rearrange all the
noodles and the dried toppings oh wow
put in the oven to dehydrate
[Music]
it put all of the
toppings in a little contain oh wait oh
wait bro bro was really dedicated to
reversing the ramen he prints out the
ramen package oh we're doing this legit
just like brand new you could have just
used another Ramen package no not good
enough we started at 100 and now we're
at one even the little seasoning packet
I'm shook he like reduced the sauce he
did a little reduction into a
concentration and then put it all back
where it belongs you seal it off with a
hair straightener and it's like brand
new congratulations you can get one
whole dollar for that now I can't
believe bro just DIY some packaged Ramen
you can restore to factory settings
revert to its original form the
dehydrated Ramen Circle and the packets
I cannot believe this now sell it to
somebody see if they notice a difference
I wonder if somebody would cook this
again and they'd be like something
missing 50% of the flavor is gone almost
tastes like it's been cooked before one
star how do you like your fries with
ketchup on the side or ketchup drizzled
on top either way okay wrong answer this
is how this guy does fries ketchup then
fries then ketchup then fries then more
ketchup and another layer are you the
guy who ordered extra fries with your
ketchup here let me just top you off a
little bit fantastic oh man the fury
completely missed the fries it's
the best part completely normal
treatment of your average ketchup lover
backing an 18-wheeler like a pro there
is no way that truck can back up into
that corner like you're already too far
ahead like how do you even do this the
parking lot is full you hit the other
truck it's so close bro you like you're
already messed up bro there's like three
spots next to it like empty spots no
you're going to hit it you're going to
hit the car oh stop doing that stop
going in and out you ain't a burger oh
wow okay that was actually very
impressive you know maybe that's the
tech the In-N-Out until you get it right
oh he's so long and
awkward it's just the way I like my
men I hate these AI videos you're
watching a plate of mushrooms and then
what is that Suddenly It's a bird when
did it it turned into a
bird or a penguin are those Penguins bro
why are they on a plate my mushrooms
they got up and walked away like it
honestly feels like a fever dream like
bro what just happened that mushroom
looked at me funny and then suddenly
they evolved into penguins and then
walked away like who's making these AI
videos either way I don't like it that
guy got left behind he just wanted to be
a mushroom he didn't choose the penguin
life I don't like it they be messing
with my head I'm telling you a few years
from now like you're you're not going to
be able to tell the difference between
real and AI bro I can s this video to my
mom and then she'd be like Is that real
college practices are no joke why
oh why is it moving like that how do you
move your calf muscle like that like by
itself there's something living inside
there that's about to give you a cramp
if the nerve becomes injured or becomes
irritated it causes the calf muscle to
involuntarily twitch that's why he said
College practices are no joke they got
his calf working overtime that thing has
been awoken this a mind of its own it's
going to be involuntarily twitching from
now on because you've worked him so hard
wait is bro standing on his door okay no
standing on the floor but wait a second
he put his feet up and then his arms
wait how bro just casually defies
gravity gravity just doesn't exist in
this room like how can you stand on one
wall yes no problem and then stand on
the door like it's no problem well I'm
so confused is this like a optical
illusion maybe you got some sticky feet
I actually have no idea how we did this
okay I already know this is going to be
one of them AI videos it's going to be
grapes and they're going to transformed
into something I'm not ready for what
okay let's see it
grapes are those kittens oh dogs yes
some nonchalant grapes that turn into
some very chalant dogs I don't like it
they didn't even make their final
transformation I love grapes I'm not
going to let this video ruin grapes for
me these grapes are not the best we're
going to tiar rank grapes real quick
assuming they are all crunchy green
grapes a these purple grapes a these
grapes B the dark purple ones also known
as Moon balls C I don't think I've ever
had these crunchy before cotton candy
grapes B long purple grapes D no they're
going to ruin blackberries for me too
bro I was literally just eating
blackberries and now you're going to
ruin blackberries for me too and those
look like the biggest most suculent
blackberries I've ever seen I know this
is going to be like AI generated it's
going to transform or something I saw it
move I seen it it's turning into a bird
ew it wasn't even blackberries they were
literally Birds I hate it can we stop
that's enough food to animal AI there
are two bike wheels spinning towards the
ball the ball is going to get thrown
inside and it just launches it up into
the sky I was not expecting that to
happen now clearly I don't know my
physics I thought it would just be like
trapped inside that ball got yeated
further than Ronaldo they took a stick
put it on the waterfall and then it just
like illuminated the rest of the
waterfall bro just controlled the flow
of water is it physics or are you a
water bender okay that seemed very
unlikely that all of these colored but
wait wait wait wait wait how does it
even happen they have to be sorted by
weight but like they're all trapped
inside there and then when you unleash
them all the balls go into their
respective color category how's that
physics how does that even happen why
are there so much less red balls than
blue balls man I would love to have this
as a kid I would try to shake it up and
try to get them to mix I'll show you
physics you know I've seen some crazy
makeup but she got her hand inside her
face how'd you do this wait where are
her fingers the entire hand was a
prosthetic oh the fingers are still in
there wait a second there's another look
this time the fingers are ripping off
her skin okay this is the coolest makeup
I've ever seen okay pull it out oh
wo okay it gets crazier cuz what the
heck is this where is anything on her
face where is her nose where are her
eyes it's a clean canvas okay play it I
got to see where her ey oh wa that
doesn't explain anything else where's
her nose where's your mouth I sacrific
my eyeballs and nose for a very large
mouth what are you for Halloween
certified yapper okay that's way too
cool that is these are so sick I love
optical illusion makeup there another
optical illusion on paper but it looks
like it's a ramp like the battery is
going to slide down
righte it looks like it's going to go
down a slide but it doesn't and it's
making my brain hurt I don't know how
much more of this I could take but
anyways that's all for today I hope you
guys enjoyed this video If you did make
sure to hit that like button in the face
and subscribe Jo the wolf pack I love
you guys so much thanks for watching bye
guys